# InlineObject32

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ec2_alias** | Option<**String**> | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity alias when using EC2 auth. Valid values are \"role_id\", \"instance_id\", and \"image_id\". Defaults to \"role_id\". | [optional][default to instance_id]
**ec2_metadata** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to 'default', includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: ami_id, instance_id, region. Not editing this field means the 'default' fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the 'default' and means no metadata will be included. If not using 'default', explicit fields must be sent like: 'field1,field2'. | [optional][default to ["default"]]
**iam_alias** | Option<**String**> | Configure how the AWS auth method generates entity aliases when using IAM auth. Valid values are \"role_id\", \"unique_id\", and \"full_arn\". Defaults to \"role_id\". | [optional][default to unique_id]
**iam_metadata** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to 'default', includes: account_id, auth_type. These fields are available to add: canonical_arn, client_arn, client_user_id, inferred_aws_region, inferred_entity_id, inferred_entity_type. Not editing this field means the 'default' fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the 'default' and means no metadata will be included. If not using 'default', explicit fields must be sent like: 'field1,field2'. | [optional][default to ["default"]]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


