# InlineObject48

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**credentials** | Option<**String**> | Google credentials JSON that Vault will use to verify users against GCP APIs. If not specified, will use application default credentials | [optional]
**gce_alias** | Option<**String**> | Indicates what value to use when generating an alias for GCE authentications. | [optional][default to role_id]
**gce_metadata** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to 'default', includes: instance_creation_timestamp, instance_id, instance_name, project_id, project_number, role, service_account_id, service_account_email, zone. Not editing this field means the 'default' fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the 'default' and means no metadata will be included. If not using 'default', explicit fields must be sent like: 'field1,field2'. | [optional][default to ["default"]]
**google_certs_endpoint** | Option<**String**> | Deprecated. This field does nothing and be removed in a future release | [optional]
**iam_alias** | Option<**String**> | Indicates what value to use when generating an alias for IAM authentications. | [optional][default to role_id]
**iam_metadata** | Option<**Vec<String>**> | The metadata to include on the aliases and audit logs generated by this plugin. When set to 'default', includes: project_id, role, service_account_id, service_account_email. Not editing this field means the 'default' fields are included. Explicitly setting this field to empty overrides the 'default' and means no metadata will be included. If not using 'default', explicit fields must be sent like: 'field1,field2'. | [optional][default to ["default"]]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


